### PDF Table Extractor

This module provides a PDF table extraction utility, primarily designed to extract tabular data from PDF files containing information about different types of disasters. The module processes each page of the PDF, identifies specific disaster types, and extracts relevant tables associated with each type.

### Features

- **Table Extraction:** The main functionality of the module involves extracting tables from PDF files. It identifies tables based on predefined disaster types and specific content within the cells.
- **Disaster Type Identification:** The module scans each page for stroke texts and identifies the type of disaster based on predefined keywords. This information is crucial for organizing the extracted tables by disaster type.
- **Table Merging:** The module handles scenarios where tables span multiple pages. It ensures that tables with the same disaster type are merged across consecutive pages.

### Dependencies

- `pdf2json`: A PDF parsing library used to extract text and geometric information from PDF files.
- `fs`: Node.js file system module for reading and writing files.

### Notes

- This module assumes a specific structure in the PDF, where stroke texts indicate the type of disaster and tables are delineated by rectangles.
- Ensure that the required dependencies are installed before using the module. Use `npm install pdf2json` to install the PDF parsing library.
- The output JSON file provides a structured representation of extracted tables, organized by disaster type.

## Usage

+ Change target <u>pdf file path</u> and <u>generated file path</u> in ```src/app.js```if required:

  ````js
  const sourcePdf = './pdfs/PAPE-2.0-English.pdf';
  const targetJson = './parsed_pdfs/PAPE-2.0-English.json';
  ````

+ To extract information and tables from a PDF file, use the `main.js` script:

  ````shell
  node src/app.js
  ````

## Project Structure

- **src/app.js:** Main script that orchestrates the extraction and conversion process.
- **src/pdfTableExtractor.js:** Module for extracting tables from a PDF file.
- **pdfs/*:** Sample PDF files for testing.
- **parsed_pdfs/*: ** json files containing tables generated for after parsing pdf file.
- **pdfs_generated/*:** pdfs generated by program.

### License

This module is provided under the MIT License. Feel free to modify and use it according to your requirements.
